Add archbuild man page (#65)
archlinux/devtools: doc/archbuild.1.asciidoc

archbuild(1)
============

Name
----
archbuild - a script to build an Arch Linux package inside a clean chroot. 

Synopsis
--------
archbuild [options] -- [makechrootpkg args]

Description
-----------

> 'archbuild' is a script to build an Arch Linux package. devtools includes archbuild, but you don't run this command directly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
'archbuild' is a script to build an Arch Linux package. devtools includes archbuild but should only be used via one of the included symlinks:
```

Reviewer: I would reword it to not say "you" or that you don't run it directly.

It also includes these symlinks:

* kde-unstable-x86_64-build 
* multilib-testing-build 
* testing-x86_64-build
* extra-x86_64-build
* multilib-build 
* gnome-unstable-x86_64-build  
* multilib-staging-build     
* staging-x86_64-build

> The symlink used to run it will be inspected by archbuild, to determine which target you want it to use. 

Reviewer: Maybe this should also explain the configuration file loading when you use `staging-x86_64-build`
```
devtools /usr/share/devtools/pacman-kde-unstable.conf
```
